>> Erik Reinert: Okay, so
then we go into the auto scaling group.
And the auto scaling group is
pretty straightforward as well.
It's solving the problems of desired
capacity, meaning how many instances do
we want right now, our min size,
our max size, right?
How many instances do we
wanna scale to and stop at?
In this case, we want to stop at 5,
which means that we have auto scaling and
it'll work, which is fantastic,
but we won't actually go to,
you know, beyond five instances.
So this is kind of helpful when
you want to, like, save money.
You want to make sure that if you
scale all the way to the maximum,
you're not going to 1000 instances or
something like that.
You can at least limit it.
Min size is nice.
If, say, for example, you want more than
one instance, you say, okay, I want 3 min,
5 max, make sure you have high
availability, all that kinda stuff.
Name_prefix, you'll notice
that I have var.name each.key.
So in this case, going back to the whole
passing the name parameter thing,
this would be staging, spot staging,
on-demand staging, whatever, right?
But we're combining these two
together to make the actual name of
the autoscaling group.
We add our launch_template,
we tell it that we always wanna use
the latest version of the launch template.
Instance_refresh is kinda nice.
This will just make sure that your
instances properly get rolled.
So for example, if you have 100 instances
and you don't wanna just take them all
down at once, you can tell it, like, hey,
I wanna make sure that at least half of my
instances are available so
it'll roll like the first 50.
Make sure that all those roll successfully
before moving to the next 50, whatever.
So that percentage is important
to make sure that you don't
ever completely go down, right?
Lose all of your instances or
anything like that.
We then add a couple of tags.
So we just tell it that we want to
add the Amazon ECS managed tag.
This is something specific to Amazon E.
This is something that they recommend
you do for their clustering.
And then we just give it a name so
that we know that the instance
is the name of the cluster.
And then we have an autoscaling_policy.
Now, I thought about this a little
bit because we are making one
significant change.
If we move from App Runner to ecs,
how we scale is going to change,
what that means is at
least out of the box.
The easy solution, which is what we're
going for right now, the easy solution,
what that means is that it will
only track CPU utilization,
whereas in App Runner we got request
concurrency scaling in App Runner.
We got a little bit more
of a tunable scalable
metric if we're serving HTTP requests.
Because then we could say, well,
it's not necessarily that I want
the CPU to go to 75 or 80%.
It's more that I wanna scale off of 1,000
requests a second or 10,000 requests
a second, because that's what I know this
service can process reliably, right?
Because we're doing a CPU tracking target,
it means that we are now
moving to a model of just hammer this
thing as hard as you possibly can
until I need another thing for
you to hammer as hard as you possibly can.
I think this is better.
I know that request count is important,
but I think in this case
you want to worry more about just
the resources you're paying for
versus the idle processes
that are on them.
And what I mean by that
is if you're paying for
an EC2 instance that's like four cores and
eight gigs of RAM and
you're scaling out only when you
use two out of those four cores,
then you're paying for
two cores that you're not using ever.
But when you're managing
infrastructure like this,
you kind of want to look at these as like
resource pools that you're utilizing to
your maximum as much as possible.
So I would make the slight argument
that you should really be developing
applications that scale their
requests as performantly as possible.
So your real issue is CPU utilization and
not saying, well, it doesn't.
You know, I know it was written in Go, but
it can only take 100 requests per
second because of how we've coded it.
It's like, well,
then we're spending a ton of money on
resources that we are never going to use.
Because now I have to
create a new instance for
every 100 requests versus being able to
take 10,000 requests on a single instance.
So, yeah, and I'll be honest with you,
I deal with this.
This is something I deal with quite often.
There was a scenario not too,
well, I would say a while ago,
where we discovered, [LAUGH] we discovered
that we were provisioning 2 core
4 gigabyte instances, right?
And we were provisioning six,
six DaemonSets on them.
Now normally you'd be like, well,
you know, that's not that big a deal.
A DaemonSets probably 0.25 of a core,
right?
But when you provision six of them,
[LAUGH] that's the equivalent of
almost a core and a half, right?
And what we didn't realize was,
as we were Provisioning so
small of instances that we were
provisioning like 75% Daemonset and
then only like 25% of space was available
for our service that we wanted to run.
So we were basically paying for
daemon sets more than we were paying for
running our service.
What that meant was we had to
provision bigger instances or
we had to get rid of daemon sets
that were on those instances.
That's what I mean by having the ability
to really optimize off of what you're
paying for.
In this case, when you're at this level,
you're really just paying for
CPU and memory.
And so if you can get it to a point to
where you don't care about how many
requests per second are going
to the application,
you can just simply say
the application needs to be scaled.
When the compute gets to this level,
then that resource management
becomes very easy.
Then you just go, okay,
75% of cores are being used.
Great, give me a new
instance.75 on that one too.
Great, give me a new instance.
And you just keep doing that, just keep
doing that until it gets bigger and
bigger and bigger.
And then eventually it'll like accordion,
and then it'll go back down, right?
And that's the real approach
I think you should take.
So I did keep with the CPU utilization.
I do think that the request count going
back to the App Runner comparison
can also be a little scheme Y.
The reason why I say that is because if
you're scaling at a value that's far,
far too low for
what your application can actually handle,
then you are over
provisioning quite a bit.
Say, for example,
your application can actually take
10,000 requests on app Runner, but
then you tell it to scale every hundred.
Now you're paying for tons of instances,
but you have more potential there.
That request per second metric,
it doesn't always mean it's the best
metric to use in this case.
Then the last couple things we have
here are the capacity provider and
the capacity providers.
The easiest way to describe these are
these are just attaching the clusters to,
or I'm sorry,
the instances to the clusters.
So the auto scaling groups
are basically the providers and
then the ECS instance or
the ECS cluster is our cluster.
And so we use these two resources
to bind the auto scaling groups and
capacity providers to the specific
clusters that we want,
because you can create capacity providers
and then you can assign them to clusters.
And so that's really all we're
doing here at the bottom.